Release notes and attribute update for MTV 2.11.3 (#896)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/technical-changes-2-11.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * documentation/doc-Release_notes/master.adoc
> 
> :_content-type: REFERENCE
> [id="technical-changes-2-11_{context}"]
> = Technical changes
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> Review the technical changes in this release of {project-short}.
> 
> Storage copy offload is Developer Preview for Infinidat Infinibox::
> 
> {project-first} is available as a Developer Preview for storage copy offload for Infinidat Infinibox.
> 
> [IMPORTANT]
> ====
> Storage copy offload for Infinidat Infinibox, for both cold and warm migrations, is Developer Preview software only. Developer Preview software is not supported by Red{nbsp}Hat in any way and is not functionally complete or production-ready. Do not use Developer Preview software for production or business-critical workloads. This feature provides early access to upcoming product software in advance of its possible inclusion in a Red{nbsp}Hat product offering. For more information about the support scope of Red{nbsp}Hat Developer Preview software, see link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/devpreview/[Developer Preview Support Scope].
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:_content-type: REFERENCE

[id="technical-changes-2-11_{context}"]
= Technical changes

[role="_abstract"]
Review the technical changes in this release of {project-short}.

Storage copy offload for Infinidat Infinibox (Developer Preview)::
{project-first} provides storage copy offload for Infinidat Infinibox, for both cold and warm migrations, as a Developer Preview.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Storage copy offload for Infinidat Infinibox is Developer Preview software only. Developer Preview software is not supported by Red{nbsp}Hat in any way and is not functionally complete or production-ready. Do not use Developer Preview software for production or business-critical workloads. Developer Preview software provides early access to upcoming product software in advance of its possible inclusion in a Red{nbsp}Hat product offering. Customers can use this software to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. This software might not have any documentation, is subject to change or removal at any time, and has received limited testing. Red{nbsp}Hat might provide ways to submit feedback on Developer Preview software without an associated SLA.

For more information about the support scope of Red{nbsp}Hat Developer Preview software, see link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/devpreview/[Developer Preview Support Scope].
====
```

## Changes

* Heading Format: Appended (Developer Preview) to the end of the release note heading to clearly signal the support level directly in the title.

* Block Attachment: Added a plus sign (+) on a separate line between the release note text and the admonition block. In AsciiDoc, this is required to successfully attach additional paragraphs or blocks to a description list item so that the list remains uninterrupted.

* Template Accuracy: Replaced the incomplete [IMPORTANT] admonition text with the exact, verbatim Developer Preview boilerplate required by Red Hat, injecting "Storage copy offload for Infinidat Infinibox" as the <software_name>.

* Cleaned Spacing: Removed the excessive blank lines between elements to ensure clean, standard AsciiDoc rendering.

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Release_notes/master.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="technical-changes-2-11_{context}"]
= Technical changes

[role="_abstract"]
Review the technical changes in this release of {project-short}.

Storage copy offload for Infinidat Infinibox (Developer Preview)::

> {project-first} provides storage copy offload for Infinidat Infinibox, for both cold and warm migrations, as a Developer Preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{project-first} provides storage copy offload for Infinidat Infinibox for both cold and warm migrations as a Developer Preview.
```
